#files
data_old/tovarna.hm
data_old/czech.hx
data_old/english.hx
data_old/farma.hm
data_old/lihovar.hm
data_old/obchod.hm
data_old/olaf.hm
data_old/pic.hx
data_old/sklad.hm
data_old/staveniste.hm
data_old/studna.hm
data_old/textures.hx
data_old/dopln.hm
data_old/terrain.hm
data_old/drevorubec.hm
data_old/utes.hm
data_old/hud.hx
data_old/intro.hx
data/terrain.hx
data/icons.hx
data/menu.hx
data/czech.hx
data/stromy.hm
data/dul.hm
data/info.hm
data/textures.hx
data/cukrovar.hm
data/terrain.hx
data/voda.hm
data/most.hm
data/baba.hm
data/chalupa.hm
data/krajina.hm
#resources
model_FACTORY="model tovarna" ; Tovarna
model_INFO_RING="model info" ; Ring
model_SUGAR="model cukrovar" ; Cukrovar
model_CONSTRUCT="model staveniste" ; Staveniste
model_CONSTRUCT_D="model doplnky" ; Doplnky ke staveni
model_BABA="model chaloupkabk" ; Chaloupka
model_FARM="model farma" ; Farma
model_FARM_POLE="model pole" ; Pole na farmu
model_DESTILATE="model lihovar" ; Lihovar
model_STORE="model sklad" ; Sklad
model_SHOP="model obchod" ; Obchod
model_STROM1="model strom1" ; Strom 1
model_WATERHOLE="model studna" ; Studna
model_MOST="model most" ; Most
model_TROLL="model olaf" ; Tupoun
model_SAW="model drevorubec" ; Pila
model_COALMINE="model dul_uhli" ; Uhelny dul
model_STONEMINE="model dul_kamen" ; Dul uhli
model_STROM2="model strom2" ; Strom 2
model_STROM3="model strom3" ; Strom 3
model_STROM4="model strom4" ; Strom 4
model_BABAJAGA="model babajaga" ; Babka
model_addon_STONE2="model budr" ; Sutr
model_addon_STONE1="model budriky" ; Sutriky
#end
